src/pages/bread-rolls/index.md, before:

---
path: "/sourdough-bread"
title: "Sourdough Bread"
---

###Ingredients###

- 130gr of starter 
- 8gr of salt
- approx. 230gr of room temperature water
- approx. 400gr of strong flour
- 8gr of malt flour (optional)

###Method###

Mix starter and water in a bowl. Mix in the dry ingredients, combine and knead till the mixture gains some strength. Cover and leave to rest for a few hours.
At the beginning, every half hour or so and for at least a couple of time, fold the dough in the bowl so that it takes a more stringy texture.

After 3-4 hours shape the dough into the desired way and move to a proofing basket (I would recommend watching a youtube video about this step because it can be a little tricky - I end up improvising every time).

The proofing time varies greatly depending on the temperature - it can go from 7h to 12h or more. I usually prepare the dough around 6 in the evening, leave it outside till around 9 and then put it in the fridge till the following morning.


When the dough has risen enough (don't expect it to double in size, it won't be that dramatic) turn on the oven to 220c static. 
Tip the dough on a sheet of oven paper and score the surface with a sharp blade. That will help the loaf rising in the oven.

I usually cook bread in a dutch oven, if you don't have one place a bowl with some water in the oven while it's heating up and while it's cooking.

If using a dutch oven, cook with the lid on for around 25 minutes and then leave uncovered. Cook for another 15minutes or until golden brown.

Leave to cool on a rack for at least 1 hour before eating.

Commit message:

tweaked bread rolls recipe and updated npm packages

src/pages/bread-rolls/index.md, after:

---
path: "/bread-rolls"
title: "Simple Bread Rolls"
---

###Ingredients###

- 400gr of strong bread flour 
- 300ml of lukewarm water
- 8gr of salt 
- 2gr of instant yeast or 100ml of sourdough starter

###Method###

Mix the dry ingredients in a bowl and the wet ones in another. If using the instant yeast, it goes with the dry ingredients, if using the sourdough starter, it goes with the water.

Tip the dry ingredients in the wet ones and mix into a rough dough with a wooden spoon. Rinse the empty bowl and oil with a couple of tablespoons of extra virgin olive oil.
Tip the rough dough into the oiled bowl, cover and set aside.
After about 15 minutes, fold the dough a few times - it won't look very promising at first. The dough should be folded at least a couple more times during the proofing time (folding the dough is beneficial, but not indispensable) - after each fold the it should look more elastic. 

The dough with the dry yeast will rise a lot more quickly compared to the sourdough version, 3-4 hours compared to up to 8-9. The dough should get double in size at the end.

Once the dough is nice and bubbly, delicately cut and shape into 5-6 bread rolls and dust with flour.
Bake in the oven at 230 degrees for about 15 minutes.
