src/pages/ragu/index.md, before:

---
path: "/ragu"
title: "Ragù"
---

###Ingredients###

- 500 gr mince beef
- 500gr mince pork
- 300gr italian sausage
- 170 smoked pancetta
- 1 medium tube double concentrate tomato
- 1 400ml tomato can
- 100ml of red wine
- 2 small onions
- 1½ carrot
- 1½ celery stalk
- 300-400ml full fat milk
- 50gr butter
- 1 teaspoon of extra virgin olive oil
- Salt and pepper to taste

###Method###

This yields quite a lot of sauce, I usually end up freezing a few portions.

Prepare and chop the vegetables quite fine, the pieces shouldn’t be bigger than the mince meat broken down. I usually use a blender.
Meat and vegetables must be cooked in different pans as they need to cook at different temperatures.
Lightly brown some butter at low temperatures in a pot big enough to contain all the ingredients together, keep an eye on it as it burns easily. Add the oil and the vegetables and cook at low temperatures until translucent, at least 10-15 mins. They need to lose as much water as possible.

In the meantime brown the meat, adding it little by little to the pan, I usually use two pans because the meat needs to have enough space not to boil too much in its own water that comes out while cooking. Cook until the meat is brown, just before it starts burning - this is quite fundamental in the recipe because it’s one of the main sources of flavour.

When they are both cooked, mix the vegetables in with the meat in the pan(s) and add the wine and simmer until reduced.
Put the meat and vegetables mix in the pot used to cook the vegetables, on medium heat, and add the entire tube of concentrate and the can of tomatoes. Start pouring in the milk, little by little until the mix is wet enough. If it’s not, you can add some water.
The Ragù must cook for at least 2 hours on very low heat. I usually cook it for 4 hours. Add salt and pepper in the end, it shouldn’t need a lot.
Remember to stir it every half hour or so and to add some water if the sauce is too thick and at risk of burning too easily.
The main goal of this recipe is to use as little water as possible and the end result should be a velvety rich and thick sauce.

Best served with fresh tagliatelle.

Commit message:

added saltimbocca and tweaked layout

src/pages/ragu/index.md, after:

---
path: "/ragu"
title: "Ragù"
---

I wouldn't say this is the traditional Ragú recipe, but it was given to me by a friend who found it on a book and it's my favourite version of it. I tweaked it just a bit to my tastes. 
The traditional recipe wouldn't have this much milk.

###Ingredients###

- 500gr mince beef
- 500gr mince pork
- 300gr italian sausage *
- 170gr smoked pancetta
- 1 medium tube double concentrate tomato
- 1 400ml tomato can
- 100ml of red wine
- 2 small onions
- 1½ carrots
- 1½ celery stalks
- 300-400ml full fat milk
- 50gr butter
- 1 teaspoon of extra virgin olive oil
- Salt and pepper to taste

###Method###

This yields quite a lot of sauce, I usually end up freezing a few portions.

Prepare and chop the vegetables quite fine, the pieces shouldn’t be bigger than the mince meat broken down. I usually use a blender.
Meat and vegetables must be cooked in different pans as they need to cook at different temperatures.
Lightly brown some butter at low temperatures in a pot big enough to contain all the ingredients together, keep an eye on it as it burns easily. Add oil and vegetables and cook at low temperatures until translucent, at least 10-15 mins. They need to lose as much water as possible.

In the meantime brown the meat, adding it little by little to the pan, I usually use two pans because the meat needs to have enough space not to boil too much in its own water that comes out while cooking. Cook until the meat is brown, just before it starts burning - this is quite fundamental in the recipe because it’s one of the main sources of flavour, especially since no extra aromas or stock are added to it.

When they are both cooked, mix the vegetables in with the meat in the pan(s) and add the wine and simmer until completely evaporated.
Put meat and the vegetables mix in the pot used to cook the vegetables, on medium heat, and add the entire tube of concentrate and the can of tomatoes. Start pouring in the milk, little by little until the mix is wet enough. If it’s not, you can add some water.
The Ragù must cook for at least 2 hours on very low heat, but the longer the better. I usually cook it for 4 hours. Add salt and pepper in the end, it shouldn’t need a lot.
Remember to stir it every half hour or so and to add some water if the sauce is too thick and at risk of burning too easily.
The main goal in this recipe is to use as little water as possible and the end result should be a velvety rich and thick sauce.

Best served with fresh tagliatelle.

\* This can be hard to find, when I don't have it I just don't add it and decrease a little the rest of the ingredients
